## Phase-1 Practice Project: Assisted Practice

1. Writing a program in Java to implement implicit and explicit type casting
2. Writing a program in Java to implement access modifiers
3. Writing a program in Java to verify implementations of methods and ways of calling a method  
4. Writing a program in Java to verify the implementations of constructor types
5. Writing a program in Java to verify implementations of collections
6. Writing a program in Java to verify implementations of maps
7. Writing a program in Java to verify the implementation of inner classes
8. Write a program to create strings and display the conversion of string to StringBuffer and StringBuilder.
9. Writing a program in Java to verify implementation of arrays
10. Writing a program in Java to verify implementations of regular expressions

11. Write a program in Java to create a thread by extending the ‘Thread’ class and by implementing the “Runnable” interface
12. Write a program in Java to demonstrate sleep() and wait()
13. Write a program in Java to demonstrate synchronization
14. Write a program in Java to demonstrate try and catch
15. Writing a program in Java to throws, throw, finally, and custom exceptions in Java.
16. Write a program in Java to demonstrate exception handling
17. Writing a program in Java to create, read, update, and delete operations on the files in Java.
18. Write a program in Java to demonstrate the uses of classes, objects, and the object-oriented pillars in Java
19. Write a program in Java to resolve the diamond problem using OOPs’ concepts

20. Blank - Nothing added.

21. Write a program in Java to right rotate an array by 5 steps
22. Write a program in Java to find the fourth smallest element in an unsorted list
23. Write a program in Java to find the sum of n number of elements in the range of L and R where 0 <= L <= R <= n-1
24. Write a program in Java to multiply two matrices
25. Write a program in Java to delete the first occurrence of a key in a singly linked list
26. Write a program in Java to insert a new element in a sorted circular linked list
27. Write a program in Java to traverse a doubly linked list in the forward and backward directions
28. Write a program in Java to insert and remove elements in a stack
29. Write a program in Java to insert and remove elements in a queue
