## Phase-2 Practice Project: Assisted Practice

1. Write a program to demonstrate the differences between GET and POST using Servlet.
2. Configure a servlet in Eclipse IDE.
3. Write a program to demonstrate the concept of Generic Servlets.
4. Write a program to demonstrate the concept of Servlet Classes and Interfaces.
5. Write a program to demonstrate a Servlet Filter.
6. Write a program to demonstrate a Session Tracking using Cookies.
7. Write a program to demonstrate a Session Tracking using URL Rewrite.
8. Write a program to demonstrate Session Tracking using Hidden Form Fields.
9. Write a program to demonstrate Session Tracking using an HTTP Session.
10. Write a program to demonstrate Session Login and Logout.

11. Demonstrate a project to set up JDBC environment.
12. Demonstrate a project to set up JDBC environment.(Unassisted Practice)
13. Demonstrate Connection, Statement, and ResultSet in JDBC.
14. Demonstrate stored procedures and exception handling in JDBC.
15. Demonstrate how to create, select, and drop a database in JDBC.
16. Demonstrate Insertion, Updation, and Deletion of Database Records using JDBC.

17, 18, 19, 20 - Blank - Nothing added.

21. Configure Hibernate in Eclipse IDE.
22. Configure Hibernate using XML in Eclipse IDE.
23. Configure Hibernate using Annotations in Eclipse IDE.
24. Demonstrate Hibernate logging by Log4j.
25. Demonstrate mapping List, Set, Bag, and Map in collection using XML file.
26. Demonstrate lazy collection in Hibernate.
27. Demonstrate component mapping in Hibernate.
28. Demonstrate integration of Hibernate with spring.

29, 30 - Blank - Nothing added.

31. Write a program to configure JSP with Eclipse and Creating a Simple JSP Page.
32. Write a program to demonstrate the function of JSP Implicit Objects.
33. Write a program to demonstrate the use of JSP Directives.
34. Write a program to demonstrate the use of JSP action tags.
35. Write a program to demonstrate session handling in JSP.
